frontend/public/README.md, before:

# Guardian

## Table of Contents
- [Overview](#overview)
- [Features](#features)
- [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Configuration](#configuration)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [API Endpoints](#api-endpoints)
- [Development](#development)
- [Testing](#testing)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Contact](#contact)
- [Change Log](#changelog)

## Overview
Project Guardian is designed to be the final check of the cranks before leaving the factory floor.

## Features
- Final quality check for cranks
- Automated test result reporting
- Frontend and backend integration

## Tech Stack
- Node.js
- Express
- React
- MySQL

## Installation
```bash
npm install
```

## Configuration
Configure database credentials and environment variables as needed in the backend.

## Usage
Run both frontend and backend using:
```bash
./run-app.sh
```

## API Endpoints
Document your backend API routes here.

## Development
Refer to the codebase for folder structure and scripts.

## Testing
Add testing instructions here if available.

## Contributing
Guidelines for contributing to the project.

## License
Specify your project license here.

## Contact
Angus Ho <angus.ho@4iiii.com>

## Changelog

### 0.1.0 - Initial release
- Change Pod OQC to have No Data results instead of Fail
### 0.1.1 - Drive Side Detection and Bugfixes
- FindMy Fix
- Drive Side Detection and Testing Updates
### 0.1.2 - CORS
- Add CORS support
- New Percent Fails column
- Run results uploaded to server

Commit message:

Update unit testing, scan once, formatting table changes

frontend/public/README.md, after:

# Guardian

## Table of Contents
- [Overview](#overview)
- [Features](#features)
- [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Configuration](#configuration)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [API Endpoints](#api-endpoints)
- [Development](#development)
- [Testing](#testing)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Contact](#contact)
- [Change Log](#changelog)

## Overview
Project Guardian is designed to be the final check of the cranks before leaving the factory floor.

## Features
- Final quality check for cranks
- Automated test result reporting
- Frontend and backend integration

## Tech Stack
- Node.js
- Express
- React
- MySQL

## Installation
```bash
npm install
```

## Configuration
Configure database credentials and environment variables as needed in the backend.

## Usage
Run both frontend and backend using:
```bash
./run-app.sh
```

## API Endpoints
Document your backend API routes here.

## Development
Refer to the codebase for folder structure and scripts.

## Testing
Add testing instructions here if available.

## Contributing
Guidelines for contributing to the project.

## License
Specify your project license here.

## Contact
Angus Ho <angus.ho@4iiii.com>

## Changelog
### 0.1.3 - Formatting and Ease of Use Changes
- Single scan is required to enter a new crank serial number

### 0.1.2 - CORS
- Add CORS support
- New Percent Fails column
- Run results uploaded to server

### 0.1.1 - Drive Side Detection and Bugfixes
- FindMy Fix
- Drive Side Detection and Testing Updates

### 0.1.0 - Initial release
- Change Pod OQC to have No Data results instead of Fail
